hi everyone thanks for joining me for
creating a Friday today I'd like to show
you how to make a fairly quick simple
Christmas card it's the perfect time of
year to get started on your handmade
Christmas cards so I'm using the
gorgeous Coco specialty designer series
paper which is available with our
welcome Christmas bundle at the moment
and so the free ribbon that I chose with
my bundle is the spotted real red
grosgrain and we're going to use that on
our card as well so to start with I'm
going to adhere this red strip of real
red cardstock to the bottom of my patent
paper I'll just pop some snail on there
and stick back down then I'm going to
tie my gray green around the top
just tie it in a knot
then I'm going to stamp my sentiment
down in the bottom of right corner I'm
going to use the script Merry Christmas
sentiment from the Christmas greeting
set and chocolate chip ink
now I can stick this down onto my card
for just pops and snail on there and
then mostly I'm just going to stand a
ball ball from the delightful
decorations stamps if onto some scrap
whisper white
and I'll just punch that out with my
horrible punch
you know I hear that to my card front
with some stampin dimensionals they have
it really cute christmas card made in
just a couple of minutes thanks for
joining me for create a card Friday bye
for now